Apps for Good is a group application development project that Mass Academy students complete during D term of junior year. My group consisted of myself, Rama Balagurunath, and Shay Chaudhary. Our Android app, Curae Suprema, provides an elder individual with an easy-to-use tool to monitor their daily tasks and routines, mental and physical health, and medication history. The use of this app in assisted living environments will promote more independence in residents, while also allowing more effective patient care.

It is difficult for older patients to keep track of their medications, behavioral tendencies, and day-to-day health, to show to a doctor or caretaker. This app will provide an easy to navigate user interface for the patient, so that they may view and add to existing data relating to the three previously stated features. Through this app, independence will be promoted by allowing the patient to manage and review important parts of their daily health history and provide day-to-day reports on their own. This app mainly targets an older age group, specifically those who receive care at a nursing home or live on their own.

An app to allow for more ease of day-to-day living in elderly residing in assisted living was developed. It allows for not only easier management of residents for the assisted living staff, but also fosters an independence in the residents to be able to develop skills to live as much as they can on their own.

The most important feature of the app has a function to allow the elderly to track their basic activities, including their hygiene routine, activities, and meals. This feature will take in existing information and allow the user to add to it in order to keep the most updated information for any caregiver, doctor, or for personal records. The app will encourage users to keep an efficient daily routine and live a healthy lifestyle by making users aware of their daily routine and helping them organize their day.
